I'll was taking shape now I want to work on the admin section will add authentication later in the course.
We can already prepared the folder structure the route structure and the files here.
So let's start by adding an index of useful for cases where we just enter slash admen.
Now any adman's action I want to have a couple of our parts so I'll create some sub folders.
One is for a dynamic parameter so that when we enter admen slash 5 for example we load the post number
five.
I simply want to do this so that we can view and edit it as an administrator.
So here I'll add a new dynamic route with post IDs so that it's clear that this is not the idea of you
locked in admin or anything like that but really just a post ID and here are all the over index that
you file in the folder.
Now besides that next to post ID I wanted to have an off folder.
This folder will also have an index that you follow.
And each year I want to show the sign up or sign in form so that we can create our new administrator
or log in as one and I want to add a third folder to the admin folder.
The new post folder which allows us to do just that.
Load a new post create a new post so to populate all these files and folders.
Let's start with the index that you fall directly in the admin folder.
There I'll add my template and a div where I want to assign a class of admin page so that I can conveniently
style the entire page.
No in there I want to have two sections.
The first section will have new posts as S class and should actually hold some button which says create
posts or something like that and which then simply load the page to create a new post.
Of course we could also use the next link here but I want to route programmatically.
I'll add a second clause with the existing posts.
C as has class.
So a second section I mean with a C as S class and then here all output heading existing posts and below
that I want to output my post list so that I can show my list of posts just as we already do it in other
places.
App with that I'll add my script section here.
There I of course need to import post list so import post list from at component's slash hostes slash
post list and then ask for added to the components property.
In that view object.
So here post lists.
Now we can use that component here in the template.
And of course we need some stylings here because we want to ensure that this page also looks nice and
for that I again prepared some styles which you can simply find attached to this video again.
So here I just added these Frisia as classes which should ensure that this looks OK.
All right.
With that if we save doesn't we go back to our application and click on admen we indeed see our existing
posts here.
So that is looking neat.
Again we get this button but this button isn't doing anything.
It's also not looking beautifully but we can take care about this later.
But again it's not doing anything.
So let's now work on the new host component maybe the new post component should allow us to well create
a new post that should show a form that handles this for dead or create a device which wraps the entire
page admin post page maybe or admin new post page whatever you like.
The class really is the class name is up to you.
And then here I want to have a section with my class.
NEW POST form just in case that you might have multiple sections on the page.
And then there I want to create my for now.
Now that form will of course be created by adding a normal form element and just as we always do it
in the US we won't submit a request for the action attribute here but we want to handle this programmatically
through view so that in the end the request is captured and we can send up behind the scenes HTP request
to do the authentication.
So what this means is that we need to create a couple of inputs here and then have buttons Isay a button
because I want to have a save button if we want to save the post and I want to have a cancel button.
Now regarding the inputs I want to have an input for the content for the title to enter the link to
the thumbnail and also to enter DB all for a name and they don't want to have buttons for as I said
saving and cancelling.
Now I actually will create my own UI components for that because that allows me to conveniently have
pre style input fields and buttons there for the components folder.
I'll create a new UI folder because these components and there will be purely for styling.
Essentially they will wrap default H.T. email components so that we can apply our own default styles
and you can find DS components attached to this video too.
I'll just drag them into the UI folder.
There's the app button component and that again is following the view stalagmites to attach app prefix
to components where we basically set up base components to wrap HVM the elements and use as base components
in our application for basic elements like input elements and so on.
And here we got a button and the button component in our template a normal h him out button where we
pass on any attributes or listeners that we might apply to our own custom component so that we can interact
with our cast and pull components.
Just as with the default button and we just forwarned any attributes we set and so on.
And then we have a couple of default styles set up on the button here so that we can pass this Button's
style property which is a string and which could simply be something like cancel to attach this cancel
see us as class and that is really all in the button just wrapping the button.
Setting up some default styles and allowing us to pick from pre-build styles combinations the app control
input component is a bit more complex.
It's a death with a label that has a slot so that we can enter the label between the opening and closing
tax of our custom component and then it ever renders a normal input.
If we set the control type property to input or it renders a text area.
If we set a text area and then it simply attaches to binding to pass any values we pass to our custom
component onto the wrapped component and that it listens to the default input event and emits it.
So did we basically build our own input control and I covered this in my complete view chess guide.
If you want to learn more about this.
With that I got Ds to custom components and I want to use them in the new host component.
Now there in my forum I want to use all these custom controls and you can find the attached video too.
So I copy that in and here I use my control inputs with the default type of input except for one case
where I set a text area.
I have my labels between the opening and closing text and I have two buttons a cancel button and a normal
save button.
And with that my new host form should look good.
The one thing that will not work is I can't reach it because I haven't connected the button on the index
that you fall in the admin area yet and also all the other methods I try to call here or Vimala which
I tried to bind to edit that post.
That won't work because I prepared to code for you but we haven't added the rest of this component yet
so let's add a script section here and let's now simply add a data method here.
Where we return a new object where we have added that post which should be a javascript object where
we have all these fields where targeting offer tidal thumbnail link and content.
So here I'll add it to your offer is empty at the beginning.
Title is empty at the beginning.
Fun they'll link is empty at the beginning an empty string.
All these are empty strings at the same for content and these are the fields were binding to from our
custom form controls them.
Now I also need two methods on cancell and on safe here.
This however just submits.
So we will have to bind here on our form.
So on the overall form element I want to add the Submit Lisner which is triggered because we're adding
a button of types of matyr in our form.
I actually then want to prevent the default which would be to send the HTP request and I do this by
adding the preven modifier.
A default view feature and it will then call on safe.
Now we just need to pass or at both methods.
So you're in my view component object.
I'll add the methods key and then I will call or will add on save here where I will basically save to
post something I'll add later save the post and then all the have on cancel method.
Here where I want to navigate back essentially.
Now this is my new post component.
Now let's tie them up by going to it when we click on the button in the index that you follow.
And that is actually something we can easily achieve by adding a click listener of here and using the
injected router to normal view router with Dolorosa and router push and then its slash admen slash new
post of course because that is our you are outright admen slash new post index.
So we can now reach that post to go back if we cancel.
I will also use this router in the uncancel method of often you post index that you fall as in all view
components.
We have two axes injected properties with the this keyword on the view component instance and then here
it can also push to just slash admen.
Now what we can do it on save for now is we can send the output out to put this edited post where all
our entered values should be stored.
And with that if we now go back and reload the page and click on Create post we get an error because
our nice components we added which we're using in a new post template haven't been imported yet.
Now that is of course something we should do.
So I'll add imports here to app control input which is the name of one of the components we created
or we imported from apt components.
You are in app control input
and dialler one which I also will add is app button.
So these are the two components I added.
Now we need to add them as local components to this component to this page here.
So I'll add the components key here and then then I'll add app control and put an app button.
And now these elements I'm using here in template should be known.
So now if you reload this or we got a form maybe it's a bit too wide but it'll take care about this.
But what works is we can cancel and go back and we can also enter anything here and click save.
And then just output our object with all these keys here.
So this is working.
Now what I want to do is I want to put this form into its own component though because there is a number
of place where we will also need this.